# Django-simple-blog
Django-simple-blog is the code of my personal blog / portfolio. You can take the source and edit it as you want. 
If you deploy this project in production, i just ask you to change the html template.

# Live demo
Click [here](https://florent-vandroy.fr/) to visit my website, using this repository.

## Installation
- Clone this repository.
- Install the requirements.txt using PIP
- Copy .env.exemple to .env
- Custom the .env with your configuration.
- Migrate the database using "Python manage.py migrate"
- Install NPM (if you didn't have it)
- Run the following command to generate the CSS file from SASS : npm run build:css
- Done, you can now run your server

## Architecture
Here is the list of folders at the root of the project, with their functionnality.

- Assets : Storage folder for static files. (ckeditor upload too)
- Base: Static page of the website (homepage, legal notice, ...)
- Blog: All about the blog (Post, Category, ..)
- Contact: Contact Form
- Main: Main folder of the website, generated by django and linking others folders.
- Template: HTML of the website (header and footer too)

## Support
If you run into a problem while using this project. Please create a ticket [here](https://github.com/florent6001/django-simple-blog/issues). I will answer as soon as i can.

## Functionality
- Static page (homepage, data policy, legal notice)
- Contact Form
- Blog system (Post, Category, Pagination, draft)
- Comment system using [Disqus](https://disqus.com/)
- Robots.txt & Sitemap.xml.
- CKEditor for the Post administration.
- Configuration in .env
- Google Analytics
- SCSS (SASS) with NPM
- Optimized for Google PageSpeed (PurgeCSS & PostCSS)
- Lazy loading for img
- Test.py in every app

## Upcoming Functionality
Here is an upcoming list of functionality : 

- Change the navbar toggler icon for a thinner one.
- i18n for the project.

Do you think a feature could improve the user experience? Thanks for letting me know!

## Contributing
You can make a pull request in order to optimize the already existing code or to correct a bug.
You can also make a pull request in order to add an upcoming feature which is listed above. 
 
Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## Author & Acknowledgment
This project has been created by [Florent Vandroy](https://florent-vandroy.fr/).  
Thanks to everyone who helped to make this project more complete. (usernames will be listed below)

## License
This project is under [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).